SOLID principles are the five principles of object-oriented class design. These are the set of rules and best practices to follow while designing the class structure. 

S stands for single responsibility, which means that a class in c# should take part in single responsibility. 
In other words, there should be only one reason to change a particular class. 
By adhering to this principle, we ensure that a class remains concise, focused, and easy to understand. 
It promotes high cohesion and prevents classes from becoming bloated with unrelated responsibilities.

O in solid stands for the Open Close Principle, which means the classes should be open for enhancements but closed for modifications. 
So, this principle encourages us to design classes in such a way that can be easily modified without disturbing the existing functionality.
By using abstraction, inheritance, and interfaces new functionalities can be added without altering the existing code base.
This reduces the chances of introducing new bugs while modifying and breaking existing functionality as well.

L in solid stands for the "lik-so-vis" substitution principle, which means the object of the super classes would be easily replaceable with the objects of the child classes without breaking the overall application or functionality.
In other words, child classes should be able to be used as substitutes for their parent classes without causing any unexpected behavior or violating of the contract of the parent classes. 
Adhering to this principle promotes modularity, extensibility, and code reusability. 

I stands for interface segregation which means classes should not be forced to implement the interfaces they don't require. 
It suggests interfaces to be fine-grained and precise instead of being large and monolithic. 
By having smaller and more specialized interfaces, classes need to be dependent on the interfaces which are relevant to them.
This principle helps in avoiding fat interfaces and prevents unnecessary dependencies between classes.  

D in solid stands for dependency inversion which means classes should not be instantiating other classes, which they require to achieve their functionality. 
Instead, there should be a container class, which should create objects of all the classes and inject whatever dependencies are required in whichever classes by itself.
So it should be the responsibility of the container to create the objects and inject them
wherever required, instead of the classes being responsible to create the objects of other classes that they require
so that is the D dependency injection in SOLID.

To by applying solid principles developers can create code, which is easy to understand, maintain, and extend as well. 
These principles help in achieving modularity, flexibility, and scalability in systems, thereby leading to improved code quality or less risk of bugs being introduced in the system on modification.
